.TH FILOFAX 8l "17th March r1.31
.SH NAME
.B filofax
- opens an old encrypted text file containing names, addresses, passwords and
other miscellaneous data regarding accounts, systems, clients, friends and
family.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBfilofax\fR
[\fB-c \fI<config_file>\fR]
[\fB-d\fR]
[\fB-v \fR]
[\fB-X\fR]
[\fB \fI<datafile>\fR]
.br
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B filofax
is a Bourne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and Mac OS X.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B filofax
is a very personal tool that makes it quicker and easier to open an encrypted
text file which contains data that has been collected over a period of 30
years and is probably my most important asset. Originally it was used to 
generate pages for my Filofax. Over the years I have tried many times to 
replace it with various off the shelf utilities and databases but have
always ended up coming back to this simple irrational file. I can't imagine
anyone else would use it in this form but the script does illustrate some
useful basic techniques.
.LP
The \fBid\fR command is used to identify the correct record in the
configuration file and the location of the data file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
\fB-c \fR<\fIconfiguration_file\fR>
Use the specified configuration file in preference to the default
\fI"/usr/local/etc/filofax.cf"\fR.
If no configuration file is found filofax will soldier on using the defaults. 
.TP 5
.B -d
Set debug mode on. 
The \fB-x\fR option is set within the shell
and each command in the script is echoed to the console.
.TP 5
.B -v
Set verbose mode on. Does absolutely nothing at the moment but I always
include this option and may add something at a later stage.
.TP 5
\fB-X\fR
Don't use X windows just start an editor in the current shell. Useful
if accessing over an \fBssh\fR connection.
.TP 5
<\fIdata_file\fR>
Entering the name of the data file on the command line overrides the
default data file "~/filofax/main" and any file name set in the configuration
file.
.LP
.SH FILES
.IR filofax.cf .
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.nf
.ft CW
filofax 
.ft R
.fi
.LP
Start a new terminal and open the data file. The file name and the foreground
and background colours for the terminal are set in the configuration file.
If the configuration file does not exist use the default settings. 
.SH BUGS
The script is quite crude and has very little, if any,  error checking.
The consequences of unexpected input are untested.
.SH SEE ALSO
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
.SH HISTORY
